fix: do not try resolving exteranlValues used as property names (#1778)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/tricky-balloons-kick.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": patch
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Fixed the problem where using `externalValue` as a property name was causing an API description processing failure.

Reviewer: please check:

```suggestion
Fixed an issue where using `externalValue` as a property name was causing the API description validation process to fail.
```
